air jordan 3lab5 not for me these are
going overseas I like the way we catch
the light off of those the reflectivity
and the rainbow effect on the box very
nicely done the whole package there is
nicely done I'm not really a five guy
though as most people know and they know
that nine and a half is not my size yes
I'm selling some of my shoes on good
shoes.com with a Z and on ebay but these
are not for that got a nice little card
that goes with it in that box wrapped up
in a neat little pack fold away and
whatever and there they are the three
lab vibes these are for a friend in
Australia couldn't get him over there
because there was like 12 an old country
and that type of stuff and I'm not
really a five guy I don't hate them I'm
just not really a big fan so all of the
fives that I tend to pick up or four
friends yes even though I'm downsizing
some of my collection these will be sent
to my friend for retail exactly what
I've got in them and postage that's the
way we take care of each other a lot of
people had asked well what about the
change and the rest there's not a change
I'm downsizing part of my collection
selling some of my personal collection
shoes and yes i have given several way
for very good byes and will continue to
do so some of them for retail or under
but the very good pieces that are out
there of course i'm not going to let
those goes for anything less than what
ebay brings or the rest and that's the
that's really despair to everyone
including me why not
these though are on their way to
Australia they're not too bad I like
elephant but I'm not a real big fan of
the overall presentation of the elephant
all the way over the entire shoe not
really doing it for me who knows maybe a
different color a little bit Wilder
color maybe this turquoise is a good
look but where's the laces God asked
some turquoise laces of course I won't
have any problem with that let's go to
the blues and greens box and see what we
got let's pull out that one and that one
and see what doesn't think we already
got it there with the footlocker yep
looks like either way is good heater
converse or foot locker both of them are
fifty fours and I don't really think
that's the right length if it was me I
know a size 12 would have to be a 66 or
better anyway I'll throw that one pair
in there with the shoes for my friend
just in case he doesn't happen if he
wants to try those that are a little bit
like who knows but that's the way these
should have been dressed ball bearings
in my turntable are wonderful except
when you don't want them to move there
we go I understand the black looks nice
but you tell me doesn't the right color
of laces look better Jordan should have
done this would have made them better my
opinion for what it's worth and these
will be on the way to Australia in the
next hour if I can get this thing
cranked out and done as always you can
find me at Sam Colt 12
dotcom Google+ Instagram and video as
well and as I said I'm downsizing part
of my collection over the next couple of
years good shoes.com with Z my size they
could be yours also on ebay from time to
time and I have five more of the good
ones launching this afternoon I've got a
couple of Nike SB the firecrackers i'm
launching up a pair of sprites white
anniversary Elevens for the jordan fans
and a few others these are the three lab
vibes not for me they are nice not
saying that they're not but they're just
not for me but these right here are
heading to Australia the land down under
and I'm very glad to have picked up that
reebok classic leather limited from
limited in Singapore can't wait for that
when they get here iridescent green pink
shiny flashing through it reebok thanks
see that roll through here we go and
there they go
you